YOU KNOW, BREAKING NEWS IS LIKE
BREAKING GLASS-- I GET SO
FOCUSED ON GATHERING UP ALL THE
BIG CHUNKS, AND I THINK I'M
DONE.
BUT THEN I CUT MY FOOT AND IT
GETS WORKED IN THERE AND
UNFECTED.
THEN, I GOT TO GET OUT THE
VACUUM CLEANER AND SUCK UP ALL
THE TINY LITTLE NEWS SHARDS I
MISSED AND SWEEP THEM INTO THE
GARBAGE CAN THAT IS MY SEGMENT:
"MEANWHILE!"
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
MEANWHILE.
MEANWHILE IS THE GREAT-- IT
SUSTAINS THIS NATION.
MEANWHILE, GOLDMAN SACHS
ANNOUNCED THIS WEEK THAT IT WILL
BE IMPLEMENTING A NEW "FLEXIBLE
DRESS CODE."
WELL, THAT'S NICE.
IT'LL GO WITH THEIR FLEXIBLE
ETHICS CODE.
MEANWHILE, SOME AIRLINE
PASSENGERS GOT A SURPRISE WHEN
THEY WERE DIVERTED AND THE "AIR
CANADA PILOT ORDERED 23 PIZZAS
FOR PASSENGERS STUCK ON THE
GROUNDED PLANE."
"UH, ATTENTION, LADIES AND
GENTLEMEN, THIS IS YOUR CAPTAIN
SPEAKING.
ONE QUESTION FOR YOU: WHAT DO
YOU WANT ON YOUR TOMBSTONE?
PIZZA!
TOMBSTONE PIZZA!
(  LAUGHTER  )
MEANWHILE, WALMART HAS ANNOUNCED
"IT IS ELIMINATING ITS TRADEMARK
GREETERS."
OH, NO!
NOW HOW WILL I KNOW THAT I HAVE
ARRIVED AT WALMART?
(  LAUGHTER  )
THIS IS YET ANOTHER BLOW TO
WALMART'S GREETER PROGRAM.
THEY ALREADY JUST LOST ONE OF
THEIR BEST GREETERS WHEN BERNIE
SANDERS QUIT TO APPLY FOR SOME
OTHER JOB.
(AS BERNIE): "WELCOME TO
WALMART, WITH THOUSANDS OF
ROLLBACKS ON ALREADY LOW PRICES.
THOUGH NOTHING LIKE THE
CORPORATE TAX ROLLBACK PASSED BY
THE REPUBLICAN CONGRESS, WHICH I
VOW TO OVERTURN.
HOUSEHOLD AND PET SUPPLIES ARE
IN AISLE TWO."
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
MEANWHILE, THE "F.D.A. SAYS IT
HAS FOUND ASBESTOS IN MAKEUP AT
CLAIRE'S."
IT KIND OF SHAKES THE TRUST I
PLACE IN THE ORGANIZE THAT DOES
UNREGULATED EAR PUNCHING ON
12-YEAR-OLDS  AT THE MALL.
MEANWHILE, IT'S TIME FOR A RARE
"MEANWHILE" UPDATE.
THANK YOU.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
ON TUESDAY, I BROUGHT YOU NEWS
OF JEREMY TAYLOR AND HIS DOG,
ALLY, WHO GOT STRANDED IN THE
SNOW IN HIS CAR FOR FIVE DAYS
AND SOMEHOW SURVIVED ON NOTHING
BUT TACO BELL SAUCE PACKETS.
WELL, IT WAS ALL WORTH IT,
BECAUSE "TACO BELL IS REWARDING
HIM WITH A YEAR OF FREE FOOD."
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
SO NOW HE'S DEFINITELY GOING
TO DIE.
(  LAUGHTER  )
( APPLAUSE )
MEANWHILE, WE'RE JUST A FEW DAYS
INTO THE 2019 IDITAROD, THE
DAYTONA 500 OF KIBBLE-FUELED
RACING!
THE IDITAROD, OF COURSE, IS AN
ALASKAN DOG-SLEDDING RACE OVER
1,000 MILES LONG.
52 TEAMS COMPETE TO SEE "WHO'S A
GOOD BOY?
OR A GOOD GIRL?
BECAUSE IN DOGSLEDDING, WOMEN
AND MEN COMPETE SIDE BY SIDE,
THERE'S NO DIFFERENCE.
NO, THERE ISN'T!"
THIS YEAR, THERE WAS SOME EXTRA
EXCITEMENT BECAUSE A STRAY DOG
JUMPED IN TO JOIN THE 2019 SLED
RACE.
THAT IS FLAGRANT DISREGARD OF
THE IDITAROD QUALIFIERS.
DID THIS DOG EVEN PLACE IN THE
COPPER BASIN 300?
THE KOBUK 440?
THE TWO RIVERS CHATA-NIKA
CHALLENGE?
I DO NOT THINK SO-- OR KNOW WHAT
I JUST SAID.
IT ALL STARTED WHEN "TWO RACERS
CAME UP TO THE FINGER LAKE
CHECKPOINT, WHERE THE DOG
LIVES," AND "HE DECIDED TO JUMP
RIGHT IN, RUNNING 30 MILES
OVERNIGHT."
TELL THAT TO YOUR DOG NEXT TIME
SHE PLOPS DOWN IN THE MIDDLE OF
HER WALK AROUND THE BLOCK.
"GET UP!
YOU SLEEP ALL DAY ANYWAY!"
MEANWHILE, IN INVERTEBRATE ASS
NEWS, SCIENTISTS HAVE DISCOVERED
"A JELLYFISH-LIKE CREATURE WHOSE
ANUS FORMS ONLY WHEN IT NEEDS TO
DEFECATE, THEN DISAPPEARS..
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
WITHOUT A TRACE."
(  LAUGHTER  )
UNTIL NOW, SCIENCE KNEW OF ONLY
ONE OTHER BUTTHOLE THAT COULD
DISAPPEAR SO QUICKLY.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
HEY, MOOCH!
THE SCIENTIST WHO DISCOVERED THE
JELLYFISH WAS AMAZED BY THIS
VAMOOSING CABOOSE, SAYING, "IT
IS NOT VISIBLE WHEN THE ANIMAL
IS NOT POOPING."
HE WOULD HAVE DISCOVERED IT
SOONER, BUT THE JELLYFISH SAID
IT'S REALLY HARD TO GO WHEN YOU
KNOW SOMEBODY'S WATCHING.
(  LAUGHTER  )
THE EPHEMERAL EVACUATION HOLE
HAS A NAME, TOO.
SCIENTISTS CALL IT "TRANSIENT
ANUS," WHICH MY RESEARCHER
HERER INSISTS IS THE ONLY REASON
WHY "TRANSIENT ANUS" SHOWS UP IN
HIS SEARCH HISTORY.
WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK WITH SENATOR
CORY BOOKER.